.TH Canto-remote 1 "Canto-remote"

.SH NAME
Canto-remote \- A basic remote for canto-daemon

This provides some capability to configure and query canto-daemon without a full client. Useful for scripting or interfacing with other programs.

.SH COMMAND LINE USAGE

canto-remote (options) [command] (arguments)

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\-V
Print version info and exit.

.TP
\-h/--help
Print usage help

.TP
\-D/--dir [directory]
Change base directory for canto-daemon (default: $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/canto)

.TP
\-\-noplugins
Disable all plugins

.TP
\-\-enableplugins 'plugin1 plugin2...'
Enable these plugins (overrides --noplugins)

.TP
\-\-disableplugins 'plugin1 plugin2...'
Disable these plugins

.TP
\-a/--address [IP]
Attempt to connect to address instead of local Unix socket, defaults to
loopback (127.0.0.1)

.TP
\-p/--port [port]
Use port when connecting with -a

.SH COMMANDS

Canto-remote supports various commands to configure canto-daemon, although
using a real client is recommended.

.TP
.B help [command]
Get help on a specific command

.TP
.B addfeed [URL] (username=user password=secret) (name="Some name")
Subscribe to a feed, optionally with special arguments. If no name is
specified, the feed's title will be used.

.TP
.B listfeeds
List all subscribed feeds

.TP
.B delfeed [name or listfeeds index]
Unsubscribe from a feed

.TP
.B status (--tag=tag) (--read|--total|--tags)
Print the number of unread items, optionally restricted to a specific tag,
--read prints read items, --total prints total items, --tags prints the value
for all tags.

NOTE: This is still subject to filters, so if you're filtering all read items,
--read will never return anything but 0.

.TP
.B force-update
Refetch all feeds, regardless of timestamps

.TP
.B config (="value")
Change a configuration variable
.br
.B (You probably don't want to do this by hand, use a client)

.TP
.B one-config (= value)
Change a single configuration variable, assuming the entire line is one setting.
.br
.B (You probably don't want to do this by hand, use a client)

.TP
.B export
.br
Write an OPML formatted list of feeds to stdout
.br
(i.e. canto-remote export > feedlist.opml)

.TP
.B import
.br
Import an OPML formatted list of feeds from stdin
.br
(i.e. canto-remote import < feedlist.opml)

.TP
.B kill
.br
Kill the daemon you're connecting to

.TP
.B script
.br
Run a script (testing code)

.TP
NOTE: Plugins can also add remote commands, like 'sync', which will also be
listed with --help (or no arguments).

.SH HOMEPAGE
http://codezen.org/canto-ng

.SH AUTHOR
Jack Miller <jack@codezen.org>

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR canto-daemon (1)
