.TH Canto-daemon 1 "Canto-daemon"

.SH NAME
Canto-daemon \- An extensible RSS aggregation daemon.

.SH COMMAND LINE USAGE

canto-daemon (options)

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\-V/--version
Print version info and exit.

.TP
\-h/--help
Print usage help

.TP
\-v
Enable verbose logging (debug)

.TP
\-D/--dir [directory]
Change base directory for canto-daemon (default: ~/.canto-ng)

.TP
\-n/--nofetch
Do not fetch new content while running (debug).

.TP
\-c/--cache [on|off|conn]
Control memory usage v. performance
    on: keep the entire database in memory (fastest)
    conn: keep the database in memory with active connections
    off: keep as little information in memory as possible (default)

.TP
\-\-noplugins
Disable all plugins

.TP
\-\-enableplugins 'plugin1 plugin2...'
Enable these plugins (overrides --noplugins)

.TP
\-\-disableplugins 'plugin1 plugin2...'
Disable these plugins

.TP
\-a/--address [IP]
Listen on address in addition to local Unix socket. Use "" for all interfaces.
Defaults to loopback (127.0.0.1)

.TP
\-p/--port [port]
Use port when listening with -a

.SH CONFIGURATION

This daemon manages its own configuration, and should be manipulated through
canto-remote or a client, like canto-curses.

.SH PLUGINS

Plugins are packaged in <prefix>/canto/plugins (i.e. /usr/lib/canto/plugins)
and can be enabled by copying them into your configuration directory (i.e.
~/.canto-ng/plugins). Many of them have configuration in them, so you may want
to open the files to make changes. Here are a few example plugins included with
the canto-daemon source.

.TP
reddit.py
Add content to reddit items. Includes a sort
.B "reddit_score_sort"
that will automatically order items by upvotes.

.TP
sync.py
A generic file-based sync plugin, to be used with other sync plugins.

.TP
sync-rsync.py
An rsync based sync plugin (requires sync.py). See header for configuration,
can be used to sync with a remote server via SSH, or with another local
filesystem (for NFS/sshfs/Dropbox/gdrive etc.)

.SH FILES

.TP
.I ~/.canto-ng/daemon-log

Canto-daemon log file.

.TP
.I ~/.canto-ng/plugins/

Canto-daemon plugins directory

.TP
.I /usr/lib/canto/plugins
Default packaged plugin directory.

.SH HOMEPAGE
http://codezen.org/canto-ng

.SH AUTHOR
Jack Miller <jack@codezen.org>

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR canto-remote (1)
